scythe quiz

ortsz and I and maybe a few other people run quizzes on IRC; we ask questions and evaluate answers manually. The idea is to keep it interesting. The questions I ask and their answers are stored here after the quiz ends. If you want an answer explained, drop me a line.

1. The city of Costanza is in Valle Nuevo, one of the only places in the Carribean where you might see what sort of weather?
Answer: frost

2. Which one of these games does not have a Nash equilibrium: chess, checkers, rock-paper-scissors, tic-tac-toe, or the prisoner's dilemma?
Answer: rock-paper-scissors

3. 1 - 1 + 1 - 1 + 1 - 1 + ... = 1/2. 1 - 2 + 3 - 4 + 5 - ... = ?
Answer: 1/4

4. Which of the following is -not- an Indo-European language? Gaelic, Sanskrit, Spanish, Hungarian, Punjabi?
Answer: Hungarian

5. Millard Fillmore was the last President to be elected from which political party in the United States?
Answer: Whig Party

6. Which alkaline earth metal is lighter than aluminum and stronger than steel, but too toxic to be machined safely?
Answer: beryllium

7. Sherman's March to the Sea took place where?
Answer: Georgia

8. Who said "Life is no way to treat an animal"?
Answer: Kurt Vonnegut (Kilgore Trout, Breakfast of Champions)

9. Shit, piss, cunt, ____, cocksucker, motherfucker, and tits?
Answer: fuck

10. Which Legend of Zelda game takes place within a dream?
Answer: Link's Awakening

11. Which of the following compounds has caused at least one documented fatal overdose in humans: LSD, psilocin, THC, ketamine, mescaline, DMT?
Answer: ketamine

12. Which of the following fundamental particles can catalyze fusion reactions at low temperature: electron, neutrino, W boson, muon, gluon, photon?
Answer: muon

13. Which 1964 US Presidential candidate became an icon of late 20th century conservatism in America?
Answer: Barry Goldwater

14. True or false: there are no living veterans of World War I.
Answer: true (Florence Green died in 2011)

15. Sun Tzu's Military Principles is the literal translation of the Chinese title of the book better known as?
Answer: The Art of War

16. True or false: No mathematician has ever declined the Fields Medal, commonly considered the most prestigious award in mathematics.
Answer: false (Grigori Perelman declined it in 2006)

17. Which famous 19th century philosopher was a Christian?
Answer: Søren Kierkegaard

18. Of the five richest people in the world, how many made their fortune in the computer industry?
Answer: two (Bill Gates and Larry Ellison)

19. Before it was known to be toxic, lead acetate was used as a what?
Answer: sweetener